README.md, before:

# CPU Temperature Analysis

## Requirements
* [Python 3.11](https://www.python.org/)

## Running Instructions
This program can be run with the following command: `./main.py [text file]` in which the text file contains CPU temperature data in the following format with each new line signifying a new reading at a different time:
```
[core1 temp] [core2 temp] ... [coreN temp]
...
[core1 temp] [core2 temp] ... [coreN temp]
```

If this program is run without any arguments, the following usage error message will be outputted: `usage: cpu-temperature [-h] txt_file`

Invalid text file formatting will not be checked for and will result in undefined behavior.

## Sample Execution & Output
When this program is run with `./main.py resources/sensors-with-label.txt`, the first five lines of the output will be as follows:
```
(0, [65.0, 68.0, 54.0, 63.0])
(30, [76.0, 75.0, 65.0, 71.0])
(60, [77.0, 77.0, 61.0, 73.0])
(90, [79.0, 74.0, 67.0, 73.0])
(120, [76.0, 77.0, 65.0, 73.0])
```

When this program is run with `./main.py resources/sensors-no-label.txt`, the first five lines of the output will be as follows:
```
(0, [65.0, 68.0, 54.0, 63.0])
(30, [76.0, 75.0, 65.0, 71.0])
(60, [77.0, 77.0, 61.0, 73.0])
(90, [79.0, 74.0, 67.0, 73.0])
(120, [76.0, 77.0, 65.0, 73.0])
```

Commit message:

Piecewise Linear Interpolation (#6)
* add smaller sample file

* seperate out main data

* calculate y-intercept

* calculate slope

* update main driver to output all cores

* fix new line issue, update README

README.md, after:

# CPU Temperature Analysis

## Requirements
* [Python 3.11](https://www.python.org/)

## Running Instructions
This program can be run with the following command: `./main.py [text file]` in which the text file contains CPU temperature data in the following format with each new line signifying a new reading at a different time:
```
[core1 temp] [core2 temp] ... [coreN temp]
...
[core1 temp] [core2 temp] ... [coreN temp]
```

If this program is run without any arguments, the following usage error message will be outputted: `usage: cpu-temperature [-h] txt_file`

Invalid text file formatting will not be checked for and will result in undefined behavior.

## Sample Execution & Output
When this program is run with `./main.py resources/sample.txt`, the output will be as follows:
```
Core 0 
============
0 <= x <= 30; y= 61.0000 + 0.6333x; interpolation
30 <= x <= 60; y= 98.0000 + -0.6000x; interpolation
60 <= x <= 90; y= 20.0000 + 0.7000x; interpolation
90 <= x <= 120; y= 128.0000 + -0.5000x; interpolation
```

When this program is run with `./main.py resources/sensors-with-label.txt`, the first couple lines of the output will be as follows:
```
Core 0
============
0 <= x <= 30; y= 65.0000 + 0.3667x; interpolation
30 <= x <= 60; y= 75.0000 + 0.0333x; interpolation
60 <= x <= 90; y= 73.0000 + 0.0667x; interpolation
90 <= x <= 120; y= 88.0000 + -0.1000x; interpolation
120 <= x <= 150; y= 68.0000 + 0.0667x; interpolation
```
